doc: document control plane installation on GCP compute engine, closes HYB-363 (#166)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/admin/private_locations/installation/ecs/index.md

{{< img src="ecs-control-plane-status.png" alt="Checking out the Control Plane's status in Gatling Enterprise Cloud" >}}

> You can now configure a simulation to run one one or more of this Control Plane's location!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now configure a simulation to run on one or more of this Control Plane's locations!
```
